Let's take a look back at the first step we created to set and get a message.
Using our new tools,
we can add a lot of functionality to this and help bring everything together.
In this video, we'll deploy our contract to our local blockchain,
make a few transactions to see them log into the blockchain,
then read some of the information using Web3 from the code editor.
To do this, I've got Ganache open and my code editor with the connection setup.
I have one command written out to get the transaction count,
and I'll show you this in a minute.
To start, go back to Remix.
The contract you wrote before should still be saved there.
If not, you can copy the code from below the video or type in what you see here.
We'll deploy this contract now.
Like before, compile the contract to make sure Remix is happy with it.
Next, go to the Run tab.
What we'll do now is a little different than before.
Instead of deploying to the JavaScript VM environment,
select Web3 Provider from the choices shown.
It'll ask if you're sure you want to connect to an Ethereum node.
I'm pretty sure I want to do that, so I'll hit Okay.
From there, you can choose where you want to connect.
It defaults to your Ganache CLI at 8545.
Normally, I'd say choose what you want,
but for now it'll be a lot easier to
demonstrate what's happening if you change this to 7545,
the graphic user interface.
So, I'll change that now.
Once you do that, you're all set up.
Next, we'll deploy the contract.
Over in Ganache, you'll see that this shows up as a contract creation under transactions.
It's also in the logs and blocks if you want to check that out, too.
Another important thing to note is that
the transaction has been assigned to a specific account.
That account is coming from what was designated in Remix.
If you go back to Remix,
you can see which account this was.
It looks like it was the first account and that you also have the option to select
from any of the accounts that provided by the connection to your local blockchain.
These showed up when you first connect to them,
and you can switch between them however you like.
Also notice that the account that deployed the contract isn't at 100 Ether anymore.
The gas cost was taken out for creating the transaction that deployed the contract.
From here, you can start getting and setting messages however you like.
I'll say, "Hey local blockchain."
All of these will show up in the Remix terminal,
and they'll also show up in Ganache.
For each transaction you make,
the transaction count for that account will continue to increment.
That's where the code editor comes in.
Like before, you can call any of the information on these accounts using Web3.
That's what this last line does here.
We've seen getTransactionCount before,
and this is just running it on the first account I have on my blockchain.
Update this line to include your account address and run the file to see the value.
This should match what it shows over in Ganache.
You've got a lot of fun new tools connected,
and you keep getting and setting messages to your heart's content.
Then try reading different types of data using Web3.
Like I mentioned earlier in the lesson,
this is still a very simple contract but it helps get the point across.
Later on, you'll be making much more complicated contracts using Solidity,
but you'll still use tools like this in the same way to help develop and test them.